[FLINK-13517][docs][hive] Restructure Hive Catalog documentation (#9308)
apache/flink: docs/dev/table/hive/index.md

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->

[Apache Hive](https://hive.apache.org/) has established itself as a focal point of the data warehousing ecosystem. It serves only not only a SQL engine for big data analytics and ETL, but also a data management platform, where data is discovered, defined, and evolved.

Flink offers a two-fold integration with Hive. The first is to leverage Hive's Metastore as a persistent catalog for storing Flink specific metadata across sessions. The second is to offer Flink as an alternative engine for reading and writing Hive tables.

The hive catalog is designed to be “out of the box” compatible with existing Hive installations. You do not need to modify your existing Hive Metastore or change the data placement or partitioning of your tables.

* This will be replaced by the TOC
{:toc}

## Supported Hive Version's

> Flink supports Hive `2.3.4` and `1.2.1` and relies and Hive's compatability guarantee's for other versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flink supports Hive `2.3.4` and `1.2.1` and relies on Hive's compatibility guarantee's for other versions.
```
